Update FunChat description (#1630)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: stage2/tasks/fun-chat/README.md

_Question_ - If a user sends a very long message, how can the requirements of the interface points be met?

_Answer_ - The complete message must be displayed in the dialogue. If a new message is too long you should be able to see the beginning of the message and all the text that fits in the dialog area.

_Question_ - What pages are available to a non-authorized user?

_Answer_ - They have access to the Authentication and About pages.

_Question_ - How to check page access points if no routing is implemented?

> _Answer_ - You perform any action to go to a banned page. If you fail to do so, the requirements have been met. It is not allowed to modify the markup or inject your own scripts for transition attempts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Answer_ - You perform any action to go to a page where the user is supposed to be not allowed to proceed according to the requirements. If you fail to do so, the requirements have been met. It is not allowed to modify the markup or inject your own scripts for transition attempts.
```
